listen this is like the hateful eight
minus one if any of y'all have seen
identity which I highly recommend it's
kind of like that too but with not as
many twists or at least ones you don't
already see coming but pretty much the
premise is that there's a bunch of
strangers who find themselves at this
hotel that split between Nevada and
California and that just really means
that you pay a dollar more if you want
to stay in Cali but the thing about it
is that there's so many secrets at this
hotel before it just becomes rundown I
personally thought it was a fun rent it
it did drag a little bit at parts but
knowing that Drew Goddard worked on this
and he wrote Cloverfield which I
absolutely love cabott in the woods he
show ran daredevil and of course at the
greatest show of all time as confirmed
by the gods lost I obviously understood
why the cast took pay cuts to make this
movie so it was able to be as wild as it
is let me explain so the first shot we
get in this hotel is your boy Ron
Swanson hiding money in the floorboards
before he gets offed oh man years later
we meet these other characters who may
be hiding more than Nick was in the
floorboards there's flat who's
pretending to be a priest when he's
actually a thief and a Furman's brother
and they were actually supposed to meet
at the royal after the heist in order to
get the money but the dude got locked up
years later when he's finally out he's
got dementia so it causes him to book
the wrong room so he can't even get it
so meanwhile in room five you have a
soul singer named Arlene sweet who
travels with these mattresses in order
to make her room soundproof for her
vocal exercises looking like us when we
record LME's on the road but her
backstory is that there has never been a
man who's treated her well right hell
even Xavier Dolan appears in this movie
for a bit trying to ck her and probably
why he was also too busy to finish
editing his last movie her and the
priest have a nice lunch together and
like most of these type of meetings he
tries to sedate her to get into the room
she gives him head only to have to deal
with this guy
now John's the third guy who we meet in
this movie but he was actually the first
one there and as much as he wants to
pretend that he's a madman over
appliances that he's trying to sell in
reality this dude's working for the CIA
specifically he's there in a room
checking the wiretaps that they've left
behind in the hotel that are all in the
appliances that he's selling only to
realize that somebody else's wiretap and
his wiretap so he snaps the wires my man
then finds a secret tunnel that lets you
look into each person's room from the
other side of their mirrors audio and
all with a camera even stationed in one
of the rooms to film them in private and
somehow things still get fifty shades
darker in room seven there's this chick
named Emily who has the worst style of
anyone in this movie who pulls up with a
body she's hiding in a room
Laramie Seymour Sullivan goes in there
after screwing with everyone's car so
they can't leave and instead of living
long enough to become the villain dude
dies a hero as he realizes that Emily's
actually holding her own sister hostage
since she got brainwashed by this dude I
mean I mean I could see it turns out
Shane should've done a 20-7 part
docu-series on this little sister since
she accidentally sliced her parents to
death with a knife they then of course
had to run away as sisters and
accidentally joined a cult that's run by
Chris Hemsworth playing a hot Charles
Manson during that time and he allows
the girls to do group cat fights with
each other
you know to get a chance to sleep with
him Oh Chris so even though Emily was
able to kidnap her own sister and hide
her out at the El Royale this Dora the
exterminator makes a quick call to Billy
Dee for him to show up so now you got a
priest thief and a singer who've agreed
to work together to find the money a
dead John ham two sisters on the run
from the police and a call I'll pour a
little esteban running this hotel by
himself and then thorgy decides to come
in and lay down his hammer Deerhunter
hasn't even come out yet he starts
killing them Russian relay style when he
finds this tape now for those of y'all
who have an issue with the golden
briefcase from pulp fiction because they
don't really answer what's in the golden
briefcase from pulp fiction you ain't
gonna like this one either they
purposely never answer who's on the tape
because they wanted to focus on a speech
from Darlene on how it's clearly just
some white rich dude probably a
politician who talks a lot but I'll
never get in trouble even though there's
evidence
getting caught on tape but besides the
very strong illusion they're trying to
make my friend Amanda actually had a
pretty good video breakdown on all the
possibilities of who it could have been
but I personally still think it's JFK
right one he would have been famous
enough for even this crazy sister to
recognize and he would have had a very
famous death the AL Royale is actually
based off of a real location that has
its many conspiracies one of which is
that it had these secret tunnels where
he was able to go and do things with
people like Marilyn Monroe who is
actually in one of the pictures at the
El Royale along with the Rat Pack and
everybody else implying that she would
have been there and we all know the
stories of this dude right here and how
he was practically the political will
Chamberlain they don't ever hand a baker
the tape and release it but that's
mainly because everyone at the hotel
dies because of the fire except these
two who make it out to Reno where Larry
Jerry
Gary another Parks and Rec character
introduces her and they show how both of
these are the only ones who are able to
move on from their past however for me
the real heart of the movie revolves
around the character of miles
the janitor slash bellhop slash mr.
Mosby of this plays who used to be a nom
and killed a hundred and twenty three
people he's had to rely on heroine in
order to not just forget the war but all
the terrible things he's seen at the
hotel like this freaking game of Thrones
bestiality moments where a dude did it
with a dead wolf I know I know heroin
wasn't gonna do the trick which is why
when he sees the priests even after
finding out that he's not even a real
priest he still seeks forgiveness and
the dude pretends to be one on his
deathbed as they God's not dead him
showing us all that sometimes it's a lie
that can help another character move on
so thank you guys so much for watching
this video I appreciate it I'm very
curious to know your guys thoughts I
honestly thought this was a Coen
Brothers film like for months until I
literally until I saw the credits that
the title ones opened up and I'm like oh
snap does a Drew Goddard film I had no
idea I had only seen the posters and
never really saw any other trailers but
I think it's interesting it does sadly
drag on that parts it literally is like
a it stole like pulp fiction it's
hateful late but at a you know more
contemporary hotel but it's a good movie
I'm curious to know your thoughts on it
your theories who you think was on the
tape
there's also another I want to say a fun
rumor that the guy miles was actually
caught in Vietnam so technically all of
the second wiretaps are from like the
foreign country who's making him do all
these things I think it's kind of
interesting but I'm curious to know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section I still think it's worth
watching more so at home but definitely
let me know your thoughts don't forget
to comment like and subscribe and I
won't release your tape